LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
MY NAME IS BRRON, MAD KING OF
DARK WORLD.
I USED TO DUEL FOR FUN,
BUT NOW I'M DUELING
TO AVENGE
WHAT YOU DID
TO MY BEST FRIENDS.
ARGH. IT'S PAYBACK TIME!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S IT, JADEN.
FEED INTO YOUR
ANGER.
YOUR ACTIONS WILL
ONLY LEAD TO YOUR DEFEAT.
SEND HIM TO THE STARS!
HA HA HA!
AAH!
[LAUGHS]
AXEL, WAIT.
HMM. LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
MY OWN? UHH.
WHY'S THIS HAPPENING TO ME?!
AAH! HOW AM I EVER GOING
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT AGAIN?
IS THAT THE--THE CARD?
IT IS.
IT'S THE SUPER POLYMERIZATION
CARD
THAT BRRON WAS TRYING TO SUMMON.
Man: JADEN...
HUH?
I WANT YOU TO BE WHO
YOU WERE MEANT TO BE--
A GREAT WARRIOR.
JUST WHO ARE YOU?
THE ONE WHO RULES
THIS WORLD...
THE SUPREME KING!
SUPREME KING?!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪
Jaden: ELEMENTAL HERO
AVIAN, ATTACK!
[GROANS]
AND THAT'S GAME.
DEAL'S A DEAL.
GUESS I'M DOING YOUR
LAUNDRY THIS WEEK.
YOU EARNED IT.
THAT COMEBACK WAS AWESOME.
YOU WERE JUST
SITTING BACK UNTIL
THAT LAST ROUND,
AND THEN--
BOO-YAH.
THAT'S WHY THEY
CALL IT A COMEBACK.
SO, GOOD DUEL?
GOOD DUEL.
EXCEPT SOMETHING
FEELS KINDA WEIRD.
LIKE HUNGRY WEIRD?
MORE LIKE WE'VE
DONE THIS BEFORE,
LIKE DEJA VU.
KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?
YOU'RE HUNGRY.
I GET IT.
WANT TO CHOW DOWN?
HEY, NOW THAT
YOU MENTION IT...
[LAUGHING]
THAT'S WEIRD.
WHY AM I CRYING?
I'M HAPPY.
AREN'T I?
JADEN, DON'T LEAVE!
AAH! WHERE AM I?
OH, YEAH. I
GOT REALLY UPSET AT
JADEN FOR DUELING.
Syrus: IT'S ALL YOUR
FAULT THAT OUR FRIENDS
HAVE VANISHED.
YOU LEAD US HERE
JUST TO MAKE YOURSELF
FEEL BETTER, JADEN.
BECAUSE OF JESSE,
RIGHT?
WELL, HE'S GONE.
JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.
SYRUS, COME BACK.
BUT FIRST I THOUGHT HE WAS JUST
DUELING TO PROTECT US.
I DUEL YOU
AND SEND YOU TO THE STARS.
LET ME AT HIM.
I'LL TAKE HIM DOWN
FOR YOU, SARGE.
STAY BACK.
I CAN'T
LET YOU DUEL.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
YOU GUYS GET OUT
OF HERE.
BUT THEN HIS DUELING
STARTED TO PUT US ALL IN DANGER.
ONCE I BLAST YOU TO
THE STARS
I'LL BE SURE
YOU HAVE SOME COMPANY.
OR MAYBE I'LL JUST KEEP
THEM PRISONERS HERE
FOR THE REST
OF THEIR LIVES.
THEN AFTER THAT, THINGS REALLY
GOT OUT OF CONTROL.
JADEN WAS DUELING
THAT FIEND NAMED BRRON
AND THEN ALL MY FRIENDS
GOT SENT AWAY
TO THE STARS.
AND THEN THEY ENDED UP
IN THAT BOOK THING.
HASSLEBERRY, ATTICUS,
POOR ALEXIS.
NOW THEY'RE GONE TO
WHO-KNOWS-WHERE.
OH, MAN.
I DIDN'T THINK JADEN
WOULD EVER TREAT
HIS FRIENDS THIS WAY.
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
JADEN WAS
ALWAYS THERE FOR US.
I THOUGHT HE WOULD DO ANYTHING
FOR HIS FRIENDS.
BUT THAT WAS BEFORE
WE CAME TO THIS WORLD.
I DOUBT I'M EVER GONNA
SEE THE OLD J AGAIN.
I GUESS THIS IS
WHO JADEN REALLY IS.
AND I BET I'M GONNA BE
ALONE HERE FOREVER.
HELP!
HUH?
OR NOT.
SOMEBODY SAVE ME! HELLLP!
OJAMA YELLOW! WAIT!
I'M TOO YOUNG
TO DROWN.
OJAMA, QUIT
FOOLING AROUND.
THIS IS NO TIME
FOR A SWIM!
HELP! AAAH!
I GOT YA! NO!
HEY! I'LL SAVE YOU! UHH!
OH! AAH!
IS THAT YOU, SY?!
UH-HUH.
WHERE ARE THE OTHERS?
HOW COME YOU'RE NOT
WITH CHAZZ AND YOUR PALS?
OH, SY, IT'S SUCH
A SAD STORY.
[SOBBING]
WELL, ARE YOU GONNA
TELL ME?
Yellow: AND THEN JADEN
TOLD CHAZZ TO HANG TIGHT.
I DON'T REMEMBER THAT.
IT MUST'VE HAPPENED
BEFORE I GOT THERE.
IT WAS SO AWFUL.
CHAZZ WAS SO FURIOUS
AT JADEN.
Jaden: HELP'S ON
THE WAY, MAN.
I'LL BUST YOU OUT OF THOSE
CHAINS IN A SEC.
HANG TIGHT.
YOU BETTER.
'CAUSE IF YOU
DIDN'T KNOW IT...
... I'M IN THESE CHAINS
'CAUSE OF YOU.
AND HANG TIGHT?
IF IT WEREN'T FOR YOU,
I'D BE MAXIN' AND RELAXIN'
BACK AT DUEL ACADEMY.
BUT YOU GOTTA GO
AND MAKE YOURSELF FEEL BETTER.
YOU'RE ALWAYS JUST RUNNING
HEAD-FIRST INTO THINGS,
NEVER THINKING ABOUT
THE CONSEQUENCES.
CHAZZ, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
YOU RAN INTO THAT PORTAL
KNOWING THAT YOUR FRIENDS
WOULD NEVER LET YOU
GO ALONE.
IT'S ALL FUN AND GAMES
WITH JADEN.
AND NOW YOU TRY TO
ACT ALL COOL
AND TELL ME
TO HANG TIGHT.
I'M IN CHAINS,
MAN.
I CAN'T HANG ANY TIGHTER.
[GROANING]
NO!
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
THIS IS SOME KIND OF
TRICK, RIGHT?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
NOT THE BOSS!
AND THEN I ACCEPTED
MY FATE WITH DIGNITY.
[MUNCH]
[SOBBING]
OH, MAN, POOR CHAZZ.
SOUNDS LIKE HE REALLY GAVE
JADEN A PIECE OF HIS MIND.
AND FOR JADEN TO JUST
STAND THERE
AND LET IT ALL HAPPEN?
I GUESS HE DOESN'T
CARE WHAT HAPPENS
TO HIS FRIENDS ANYMORE.
THEY'RE ALL GONE
AND IT'S JADEN'S FAULT.
HE REALLY HAS CHANGED,
AND I DON'T THINK
WE'LL EVER GET
THE JADEN WE KNOW BACK!
WHAT'S THE PLAN, BOSS?
I GOT NO IDEA WHERE AXEL
AND THAT GUY WITH
THE CROCODILE ARE.
SPEAKING OF WHICH,
ANY IDEAS WHERE WE ARE?
MAYBE WE SHOULD
FIND JADEN.
NEVER SAY
THAT NAME AGAIN!
AAH!...
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
IT'S JUST
WE'RE NOT FRIENDS.
NOT ANYMORE, ANYWAY.
HUH?
HE RISKED US ALL
TO FIND JESSE,
JUST SO HE COULD FEEL
BETTER ABOUT HIMSELF.
WITH FRIENDS LIKE HIM,
WHO NEEDS FRIENDS?
FROM THIS MOMENT ON,
I'M LOOKING OUT
FOR NUMBER ONE.
STARTING RIGHT NOW,
SYRUS ONLY CARES
ABOUT SYRUS!
AAH! WHAT ABOUT ME?
YOU CARE
ABOUT ME, RIGHT?
I MEAN, I'M ALL ALONE NOW,
JUST LIKE YOU,
AND I'M TRAPPED
IN A STRANGE, NEW WORLD
FORCED TO EAT FLOWERS
FOR SURVIVAL
AND--[STAMMERING]
HEY! HEY, WAIT!
WE HAVE TO STICK TOGETHER!
OH! AAH! OOH! OOH!
HANG ON!
LET'S TALK ABOUT THIS!
THERE'S NOTHING
TO TALK ABOUT.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
I DON'T CARE
WHERE YOU GO.
JUST MAKE SURE
THAT I'M NOT THERE.
BUT... BUT...
IT'S SO SCARY HERE
AND DANGEROUS,
AND THINGS JUST COME
OUT OF NOWHERE AND--
OH! [GROANS]
[SOBBING]
I'M NOTHING
WITHOUT AFFECTION!
[THINKING] ALL RIGHT, THEN,
A NEW SAGA BEGINS--
"THE SYRUS SPINOFF SHOW,"
STARRING SYRUS AND ONLY SYRUS.
EPISODE ONE: OUR HERO'S
LOST IN A CREEPY, NEW WORLD
FAR FROM HOME,
AND NEVER, EVER, EVER
THINKING ABOUT JADEN, EVER.
NOT EVER. NOT--
HEY, SY, YOU'RE NOT
GETTING RID OF ME
THAT EASILY.
WE'VE BEEN
FRIENDS FOR
FAR TOO LONG, BUDDY.
HUH?!
FRIENDS DON'T
GIVE UP ON FRIENDS.
THEY STICK TOGETHER,
EVEN WHEN THINGS
GET ROUGH!
[GROANING]
HERE'S THE THING, SY.
ANYONE CAN MAKE
A COMEBACK,
NO MATTER HOW LOW
THEY'VE DROPPED.
A DUEL ISN'T OVER TILL
THE LAST CARD IS PLAYED.
YOU GOTTA
KEEP IT TOGETHER
TILL THE VERY END.
YOU GOTTA BELIEVE.
JADEN! YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S FORGOTTEN
ABOUT ALL HIS FRIENDS!
I'M NOT THE ONE
WHO GAVE UP, JADEN.
YOU ARE!
THAT'S IT!
IF I GIVE UP DUELING,
THEN...
THERE'S NO MORE JADEN,
SO--AAH!
[ECHOING] HA!
[THINKING] THAT DID THE TRICK.
NOW HE'S GONE FOREVER.
BEING ALONE ISN'T SO BAD.
IT'S NICE AND QUIET. HUH?
[ROARING]
[INDISTINCT NOISES]
WHAT'S THAT?
LET ME GET A BETTER LOOK.
[ROARING]
[INDISTINCT NOISES]
IT'S DOOM DOZER.
LOOKS LIKE HE FOUND HIS LUNCH.
[ROARING]
MAN, WHEN HE DECIDES
HE WANTS TO EAT SOMETHING,
HE REALLY GOES FOR IT!
NOW'S MY CHANCE.
Yellow: AAH!
THAT SCREAM.
[SCREAMING INDISTINCTLY]
NO, NO, DON'T EAT ME!
SHOO, SHOO, SHOO,
SHOO, SHOO!
I'M NOT EVEN THAT FURRY!
GO AWAY!
[SCREAMING]
HANG ON!
I'M COMING!
HERE WE GO. HMM?
OOPS. NO DUEL DISC.
EPISODE 2: OUR HERO REALIZES
THAT HE DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT ANYONE OR ANYTHING.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S JUST ME NOW.
Yellow: HELLLP!
HUH?
[GROWLING]
[ROARING]
NO! GO AWAY!
DON'T EAT ME!
[SOBBING]
WHY ME?
I GOT BIG TEETH.
Syrus: HEY,
YOU BIG MYRIOPOD.
I KNEW YOU'D COME BACK.
I'LL GET ITS ATTENTION!
WHEN IT COMES AFTER ME,
START BOOKIN' IT! UHH!
[GROWLING]
[SCREAMING INDISTINCTLY]
UHH! UHH!
UHH! OHH! UHH!
OH! AAH!
[GROWLING]
WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD.
AAH! AAH! AAH!
[GRUNTING] AAH!
[GROWLING]
AAH! AAH!
WHAT WAS THAT?
[ROARING]
HUH?
HUH? HUH?
WHO COULD THAT BE?
I SUMMON
CYBER END DRAGON?
THAT COULD ONLY MEAN
ONE THING--
MY BROTHER'S HERE!
[THINKING] I THINK IT'S TIME
I SQUASHED THIS THING
BEFORE IT BUGS OUT AGAIN.
[ROARING]
[SCREECHING]
CYBER END DRAGON,
TAKE THAT DOZER DOWN!
ATTACK WITH
SUPER STRIDENT BLADES!
[GROWLING]
[ROARING]
AAH! AAH!
UHH! UHH.
[THINKING]
SYRUS.
[GROANING]
UHH.
[THINKING] ZANE.
WHAT'S MY BIG BROTHER
DOING HERE?
Yellow: SYRUS!
[SOBBING] SYRUS,
YOU RISKED YOUR LIFE
FOR ME!
I'M SO GLAD!
YOU REALLY LIKE ME!
[SOBBING]
HEY, WHAT'S WRONG?
COME ON.
WAKE UP!
NO! NO!
[SOBBING]
HE'S FINE,
STOP YOUR CRYING.
SORRY. IT'S JUST
I'VE ALREADY SEEN CHAZZ
GET VAPORIZED TODAY.
I CAN'T TAKE LOSING
SOMEONE ELSE.
I CAN'T TAKE IT!
[SOBBING]
HUH? WHAT ARE
YOU SAYING?
I'M SAYING
HE WAS PULVERIZED...
SLOW DOWN AND START
FROM THE BEGINNING.
Yellow: THERE WAS THIS BLAST,
AND THEN CHAZZ
STARTED GLOWING,
AND THEN I WOKE UP
ON A ROCK
AND FELL
INTO A RIVER,
AND THAT'S WHEN
YOUR BROTHER FOUND ME.
HE SAYS THAT HE AND JADEN
AREN'T FRIENDS ANYMORE.
HE'S LIKE,
"IT'S JADEN'S FAULT."
LIKE THAT.
AH, JADEN.
THAT KID
NEEDS TO GROW UP.
OH, WELL.
HUH?
BUDDY?
HOW NICE.
HE'S CALLING FOR YOU
IN HIS SLEEP.
DID YOU HEAR HIM?
YEAH, BUT HE SAID,
"BUDDY,"
SO HE'S NOT
ASKING FOR ME.
HUH? OH.
Jaden: SYRUS, ALL RIGHT.
THAT DUEL WAS AWESOME!
WITH ZANE?
OF COURSE.
YOU WERE AMAZING.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE SLAM DOWN A PIZZA
THEN GO SEE A MOVIE?
NAH, I DON'T
REALLY FEEL LIKE IT.
I, UM...
I LOST, YOU KNOW.
YEAH, BUT AT LEAST
YOU CAN SAY YOU TRIED.
THAT COUNTS FOR
SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW,
IT TOOK A LOT OF GUTS.
YOU GAVE THAT DUEL
YOUR EVERYTHING.
YOU RULE, SY.
SERIOUSLY.
THANKS, JADEN.
BUT MY EVERYTHING COULDN'T
CHANGE MY BROTHER.
HE'S STILL MEAN.
YEAH.
NOW I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO ABOUT HIM.
QUESTION.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO, J,
IF SOMEONE YOU CARED ABOUT
ALL OF A SUDDEN
TURNED REAL MEAN
AND NOTHING YOU DID
COULD CHANGE THAT?
I'D STILL HAVE HIS BACK.
REALLY?
ALL OF US GO THROUGH ALL
SORTS OF THINGS, YOU KNOW.
PEOPLE CHANGE
ALL THE TIME.
AND IN THE END,
YOU GOTTA KEEP LOOKING OUT
FOR EACH OTHER.
BUT... HE'S REALLY MEAN.
I KNOW.
BUT THE ONLY THING
YOU CAN CONTROL IS YOU.
YOU CAN CHOOSE TO
STOP CARING OR NOT.
YOU SEE...
IF IT WAS YOU
I'D NEVER GIVE UP.
I MEAN IT.
YOU GO DARK, I'M STILL
LOOKING OUT FOR YOU.
NO MATTER WHAT
HAPPENS, SY,
A FRIEND IS STILL A FRIEND.
I'D HAVE YOUR BACK
NO MATTER WHAT.
YOU'D DO THE SAME
FOR ME, WOULDN'T YOU?
OF COURSE.
OF COURSE WHAT,
SYRUS?
AAH!
Zane: YOU KNOW WHAT DREAMS
ARE, LITTLE BROTHER?
THEY'RE HOW WE TELL
OURSELVES THINGS,
THINGS WE DON'T
WANT TO HEAR.
YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU HAVE TO DO, SY.
YOU HAVE TO SET
THINGS STRAIGHT
WITH JADEN.
Syrus: SO, ZANE,
HOW DO I SET THINGS
STRAIGHT WITH JADEN?
WELL, IT'S NOT
GONNA BE EASY, SY.
IT'LL TAKE GUTS
BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO BE BRUTALLY
HONEST WITH HIM,
BUT THAT'S
NOTHING NEW TO YOU.
REMEMBER WHEN YOU
HAD THE GUTS TO TRY
AND SET ME STRAIGHT?
Syrus: WHAT ARE YOU
THINKING, ZANE?
THIS ISN'T A DUEL.
IT'S SICK.
JUST GIVE IT SOME TIME.
TRUST ME.
WHEN I STARTED DUELING
IN THE UNDERGROUND,
I FELT THE SAME WAY.
BUT THEN I DISCOVERED
THE PLEASURE OF PAIN.
DUELS AREN'T ALL
FUN AND GAMES.
THEY HURT!
THEY'RE ABOUT ENDURING
ANGUISH
AND MAKING YOUR
OPPONENT SUFFER!
YOU DON'T MEANT THAT.
YOU USED TO CARE,
ZANE,
AND YOU USED TO HAVE
RESPECT FOR YOUR OPPONENTS.
RESPECT IS FOR LOSERS.
NO, IT'S NOT.
I'LL PROVE IT.
YOU JUST WATCH.
MY MOVE!
Zane: YOU STOOD UP
TO ME THAT DAY,
AND NOW YOU'LL HAVE
TO DO THE SAME THING
WITH JADEN.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO USE
THAT SAME STRENGTH
TO GET HIM BACK.
YOU WERE WILLING
TO FIGHT FOR ME.
WHY AREN'T YOU
WILLING TO FIGHT FOR
YOUR BEST FRIEND?
ON THE OTHER HAND,
YOU JUST MIGHT BE
BETTER OFF WITHOUT HIM,
JUST LIKE YOU'RE
BETTER OFF WITHOUT ME.
WAIT. HANG ON.
WHAT IF HE'S LIKE
YOU, ZANE?
WHAT IF HE
DOESN'T WANT TO CHANGE?
Zane:
YOU'LL FIGURE
SOMETHING OUT.
DON'T GO.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
TAKE ME WITH YOU.
SY, LIKE I SAID,
YOU'VE GOT THE GUTS.
YOU CAN DO THIS
ON YOUR OWN.
Yellow: I FEEL
FOR YOU, SY.
WAIT!
MY DUEL DISK.
HMM?
FINALLY.
HOW WAS YOUR
LITTLE HEART-TO-HEART?
ANY SUCCESS?
WE'LL SEE.
HUH? WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN, WE'LL SEE.
HOLD UP.
YOU'RE GONNA
LEAVE HIM ALL ALONE?
WAIT.
[THINKING]
I CAN'T WAIT.
I'M RUNNING OUT
OF TIME,
AND I STILL HAVE
SOMETHING I NEED TO DO.
SLOW DOWN,
ZANE.
WAIT FOR ME.
HMM.
WHERE YOU GOING?
WHAT IF THAT WAY
IS DANGEROUS?
AHH... AHH...
[SOBBING]
THAT WAY'S PERFECT!
GOOD CHOICE, SYRUS.
Yellow: OH! OH, NO,
NOT WATER AGAIN.
YOU KNOW
I CAN'T SWIM.
HEY, I'VE GOT
AN IDEA.
HOW ABOUT WE
BECOME BEST FRIENDS,
AND THAT WAY, WE'LL
PROTECT EACH OTHER?
HEY, HAVE YOU
MET SYRUS?
HE'S MY BEST FRIEND,
MY BEST FRIEND
SYRUS.
WE GO EVERYWHERE
TOGETHER...
[THINKING]
JUST LIKE ZANE SAID,
I'VE GOT TO BE STRONG
IF I PLAN ON GETTING
MY BEST FRIEND BACK.
IT'S GONNA BE TOUGH,
BUT I KNOW I CAN DO IT.
JADEN'S ALWAYS BEEN THERE
BY MY SIDE
TO HELP ME OUT.
HE'S COME TO MY RESCUE
ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASION
AND IT'S TIME I PAY
HIM BACK.
I'M NOT GONNA
LET HIM DOWN.
NOT NOW, NOT TOMORROW,
NOT NEVER.
I KNOW I CAN HELP
MY PAL OUT
AND IT'S TIME
I GOT STARTED.
HMM, JUST LIKE THAT COMET'S
COURSE HAS STAYED STEADY,
SO WILL MINE.
JADEN SAID HE WOULDN'T REST
UNTIL HE FOUND JESSE,
AND NOW IT'S MY TURN.
I'M NOT STOPPING
UNTIL I FIND MY FRIEND.
THIS WORLD IS A SCARY PLACE,
BUT IT'S NOT SCARIER
THAN THE THOUGHT
OF LOSING MY FRIEND FOREVER.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪